https://github.com/alexanderscott/redis-lua-samples [] https://github.com/alexanderscott/redis-lua-samples
https://github.com/borodyadka/lua-rexastore [] https://github.com/borodyadka/lua-rexastore
https://github.com/bpo/redis-metrics [] Lua scripts for analytics with Redis
https://github.com/brpoplpush/redis-lua-samples [] Collection of lua scripts examples in Redis.
https://github.com/dcartoon/redis-lua-scripts [] Collection of Lua scripts for use with Redis
https://github.com/forkfork/atomic-redis [] Atomic Operations on JSON Stuctures
https://github.com/gregl83/redis-commands [] Redis Lua Script Commands
https://github.com/itamarhaber/redis-lua-scripts [] A curated library of Redis Lua scripts
https://github.com/januszry/redis-rate-limiter [] rate limiter with redis lua script
https://github.com/jbochi/mgof [] Multinomial goodness of fit in Redis for Anomaly Detection
https://github.com/kaandok/redis-scripts [] Redis Lua scripts for extended functionality
https://github.com/koron/redis-hyperloglog [] Hyperloglog counter on redis
https://github.com/qbolec/Redis-Tree [] LUA scripts which provide a tree index for Redis
https://github.com/qyvlik/redis-matching-engine-server [] Implement exchange matching engine by lua script, run in redis
https://github.com/RedisLabs/geo.lua [] https://github.com/RedisLabs/geo.lua
https://github.com/RedisLabs/lua-redimension [] Redis multi-dimensional query library in Lua
https://github.com/RedisLabs/redis-lua-debugger [] A Redis Lua script for debugging Redis Lua scripts
https://github.com/rfyiamcool/redis_lua_bulk_pop [] redis lua script example
https://github.com/schovi/awesome-redis-scripts [] Collection of useful redis lua scripts
https://github.com/soveran/finist.lua [] Redis based Finite State Machine
https://github.com/soveran/stal [] Set algebra solver for Redis